paper no 1:
A Relative Study on Bitcoin Mining:

A Relative Study on Bitcoin Mining: This paper is about bitcoin mining process of adding records oftransactions to
the bitcoin database of earlier transactions or blockchain from Bitcoin. This approach is organized as a faster system
between individuals or firms where the miners with different computational capabilities to solve a mathematical problem,
carry proof of work, enlarge their solution, and reach consent with it among the bitcoin network junctions. It says Bitcoin
was developed by someone named Satoshi Nakamoto, who later introduced his invention as open source code. A pure end-to-end
version of electronic cash would make it possible to send online payments directly from one individual to another without 
going through an economic entity. Bitcoin is the new currency on the Internet that anyone can start pulling out. It works 
well in anticipation of the excessive hashing power of any person or organized party. The paper indicates that at present,
90 percent of blocks are mined by known pools or miners syndicates,and if a few pools join together, they may cause changes 
and claim control over the network.


paper no 2:

The Bitcoin Lightning Network: 

Scalable Off-Chain Instant Payments The Lightning Network of  Bitcoin , which is basically  an extension of two-party payment
method applied in such a way as to give permit instant transactions between any number of clients. Lightning transactions which
are normal bitcoin transactions, but except for critical cases are not actually posted to the Block chain. Because the bulk of
the transactional data is keep  privately, lightning transactions are expected to be significantly low expensive than on-chain 
bitcoin transactions, thereby enabling affordable micropayments.The vision of Poon and Dryja’s  might be soon be realize,as 
Blockstream continues to work towards making the Lightning Network a true  reality.
   
paper no 3: 

Bitcoin in Islamic Banking and Finance

 Considering that Muslims make up about 25% of the world’s population, and that bitcoin is free of interest, Professor Charles
 Evans argues that the overlap between hard-money advocacy and Shari’a-compliant finance is large enough for these two communities
 to build intellectual bridges.This paperr has put bitcoin on the radar of many people previously far-removed from cryptocurrency,
 resulting in a surprising amount of attention from Muslims worldwide.
 
 paper no 4:
 
 The Bitcoin Backbone Protocol
 
  One of the leading provable security models for a cryptocurrency's consensus algorithm basically the Bitcoin Backbone Protocol 
  actually provides . Extract and analyze the core of the Bitcoin protoco design byl authors Garay, Kiayias and Leonardos, analysis
  their framing in terms of two novel properties they give refer to as common prefix and chain quality. The similar prefix property
  relates to the network’s ability to connect upon a single history, while the quality of chain property describes the degree to 
  which a malicious entity can update an advantage in excess of its mining power. Their results of their experiment align with those
  from Eyal and Sirer (selfish mining) and in fact broadly generalize the underlying concepts.
  
   paper no 5:
   
    SHOULD CRYPTOCURRENCIES BE INCLUDED IN THE PORTFOLIO OF INTERNATIONAL RESERVES HELD BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF BARBADOS?
    
    Economists Winston Moore and Jeremy Stephen introduce in this working paper from the Central Bank of Barbados, that holding a
    small percent of reserve assets in bitcoin could be profited to the small island nations.The adject portfolio allocation could
    improve returns and increase diversity against attacks, without affecting the volatility of the reserve balance.The authors 
    admit that “digital currency could become a key currency for settling transactions” and that it is useful for central banks to
    evaluate their l impact.This paper is remarkable because it express the emerging throughout the world recognition of bitcoin as 
    a benefited store of value among central
    bank authorities
  
