[1]
[Paper link : https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/conferences/shared/pdf/retpaym_150604/polasik_paper.pdf ]


Price Fluctuations and the Use of Bitcoin: An Empirical Inquiry

"The aim of this paper is to provide an in-depth empirical study of Bitcoin's payment and investment features and their implications for
e-commerce behavior. The paper also reports on the first global survey of merchants using this technology and modeling the share of sales 
charged for using this alternative currency, using both ordinary and Tobit regressions. This research looks at how region, consumer and 
company-specific characteristics interfere with Bitcoin's selling ratio. There is still no clear theory of how Bitcoin should be valued as 
it does not yield dividends, cash flows or profits due to its very existence. They opted instead to use an exploratory empirical study in 
the absence of apparent traditional valuation approaches. They also surveyed merchants who accept Bitcoin for online transactions and 
model the fraction of their revenue that this technology attributes to. This researcher’s consider that the company's features, the use of 
other payment methods, the awareness of customers about Bitcoin and the scale of both the official and unofficial economy are significant 
determinants. To some extent, these findings reflect vendors and customers ' incentives to adopt this new technology early in its 
genesis."



[2]
[Paper link : https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2405918818300953]


Can artificial intelligence enhance the Bitcoin bonanza:

"The aim of this paper is to examine how the techniques of machine learning (ML) are used to forecast competitiveness prices. They react 
if strategies based on Support Vector Machines (SVM) and Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) will produce abnormal risk-adjusted returns when 
applied to Bitcoin, the largest digital currency in terms of market capitalization. Findings indicate that when using SVM, traders will 
receive conservative returns on a risk-adjusted basis, while taking into account transaction costs. The two sub-samples in the entire 
sample indicate that the underlying process has better memory than the first half for the second half of the results. While prices for 
Bitcoin have increased significantly in recent years,6 short-term fluctuations prevent a steady uptrend. The study's purpose in this 
context is to examine how artificial intelligence can help capture short-term patterns and provide incentives for abnormal returns. 
Overall, their results indicate that, depending on the method, the application of Artificial Intelligence techniques can be effective in 
both currency and cryptocurrency markets."



[3]
[Paper link : https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12525-018-0308-3]

From chaining blocks to breaking even: A study on the profitability of bitcoin mining from 2012 to 2016

“Bitcoin is a commonly used payment method, but it is uncertain whether the system's proof of work existence is long-term financially 
sustainable. The researcher’s findings show that the amount of profit that Bitcoin mining has become less competitive over time. Using 
the e^3value approach, they examine the actors involved in the bitcoin system and the value flows between these actors. The value flows 
are calculated using data on the bitcoin network available to the public. In return for the security and transaction clearances they 
gave users, Bitcoin miners created over $2bln of bitcoin from 2012 to 2016. In order to earn these revenues, significant investments 
were needed in specialized equipment and operating energy costs. In short, the mined bitcoins should be worth more than the costs. This 
paper examined the long-term financial sustainability of Bitcoin network evidence mining. As a key factor to determine bitcoin 
sustainability, they considered miner's productivity through sustainable net positive cash flow. Through reversing the type and number 
of computers that mined bitcoin for the most part, we found a negative net cash flow.”



[4]
[Paper link: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S240595951930164X]


Analysis of the main consensus protocols of Blockchain:

“Blockchain is many cryptocurrencies ' core technology. Consensus protocols are a key part of blockchain technology. Currently used 
consensus protocols in most blockchain systems can be classified into two categories: the probabilistic-finality consensus protocols and 
the absolute-finality consensus protocols. There are three basic blockchain types: public blockchain, consortium blockchain and private 
blockchain. That blockchain form has different scenarios for implementation. The adopted consensus protocol must therefore meet the 
requirements of the specific scenario of implementation. They introduced some common blockchain consensus protocols in this paper and 
through review and comparison found their strengths, limitations and implementation scenarios.”



[5]
[Paper link: https://wws.princeton.edu/system/files/research/documents/Felten_SoK.pdf]


SoK: Research Perspectives and Challenges for Bitcoin and Cryptocurrencies

"Bitcoin is the most successful cryptography in the history. In just two year it grew billions of dollars economic value. In this paper 
provided first systematic Bitcoin analysis and the many associated altcoins or cryptocurrencies. They identified three key components of 
the architecture of Bitcoin which can be decoupled. They survey confidentiality problems in Bitcoin and provide a forum for assessing a 
variety of initiatives to improve privacy. Their extensive Bitcoin research, based on both theoretical and online literature, reveals a 
renaissance of new ideas in creating a realistic cryptocurrency, a long-standing challenge for the security community of computers. 
Bitcoin is a rare instance that it seems the practice is ahead of the concept. This researchers see this as a huge opportunity for the 
research community to discuss the several open questions they have set out about Bitcoin."



[6]
[Paper Link: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2158244019865813]


Acceptance and Penetration of Bitcoin:
The Role of Psychological Distance and
National Culture

"Virtual currency (Bitcoin) does not suit fiat/"real "money, but can progressively be used to purchase real or virtual goods or services. 
Experts have conducted a variety of socio-psychological studies on the worldwide Bitcoin phenomenon. The cultural aspect was less 
researched according to technical and socioeconomic variables in the midst of various narratives and empirical studies on Bitcoin 
penetration and intention to use it. Cultural explanation is necessary because there are differences in reaction to technological 
innovations between cultures. Bitcoin is seen as an item or commodity that needs to be socialized or advertised, so success depends on a 
business model that takes cultural differences into consideration (Wahl, 2016). This study's contribution is to find social and 
psychological factors that can influence economic behavior, namely the penetration and acceptance of Bitcoin at the national and 
individual level. The results of this study can be used by governments to conduct social campaigns in line with their monetary policy."



[7]
[Paper Link: https://www.mdpi.com/2410-387X/1/2/15/htm ]


Beyond Bitcoin: A Critical Look at
Blockchain-Based Systems

“The presence of digital currencies is directly related to the broad distribution of Web and electronic markets. The concept of using a 
digital currency became feasible when some significant cryptographic advances resolved several fundamental security challenges in money 
transfers, e.g., the transaction's required trust. After more than eight years since the launch of Bitcoin, the decentralized 
transaction ledger feature introduced by the blockchain technology is not only used for cryptocurrencies, but also to record, validate 
and move any type of contract and property. When Bitcoin v0.1 published and revealed on a mailing list for cryptography, there has been 
growing interest in its features in various communities related to information technology in some way. They considered the opportunities 
offered by the blockchain in this paper, vy reviewing its most important functionalities and known problems. They tested Bitcoin-
specific computing features in order to demonstrate the unreadability of Bitcoin-derived structures on a global scale.”




[8]
[Paper Link:https://www.researchgate.net/publication/316656878_An_Analysis_of_Cryptocurrency_Bitcoin_and_the_Future]

An Analysis of Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, and the Future

“Bitcoin is the most common known cryptocurrency and it has been increasing its popularity from the beginning. It is using the same 
basic structure what it was at launching in 2008. Cryptocurrency users are able to swap money online without third party monitoring. 
Cryptocurrency operates on the principle of solving algorithms for encryption to create unique hashes that are numerically finite. Users 
are able to exchange hashes in conjunction with a network of computers checking transactions as if they were exchanging physical 
currency. Bitcoin has interest because its consumers are assured that if they use it as money, they could use it to purchase something 
they want or need somewhere. Widespread acceptance of Bitcoin could be represented as "a triangle of flames." Fire needs fuel, oxygen, 
and fire to exist; Bitcoin needs consumer approval, vendor recognition, and ignition creativity. Bitcoin may not really become a 
legitimized global currency without all three facets. Cryptocurrencies will revolutionize automated financial economies by providing a 
free-flowing, fee-free trading network. A Bitcoin SWOT analysis is provided outlining some of the latest events and trends that might 
affect how Bitcoin is leading to a change in economic concepts.”




[9]
[Paper Link: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf]


Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System

“A variant of electronic cash that is solely peer-to-peer will allow online transfers being sent directly from one individual without 
passing through a commercial bank digital signatures doesn’t provide the full solution because it still required a trusted third party 
to prevent double-spending. In this paper they provide a solution to this problem using a p2p network. The network is safe as long as 
trustworthy nodes jointly manage more power of the CPU than any community of intruder nodes that cooperates. Nodes function with little 
synchronization all at once. They need not be marked because communications are not sent to any specific location and need only be 
distributed on the best possible effort basis. Nodes will leave and join the network at will, recognizing the chain of proof of work as 
evidence of what happens before they entered. Through refusing to work on them, they vote with their CPU capacity, demonstrating their 
approval of legitimate blocks through trying to expand them and dismiss invalid blocks. With this compromise process, the required laws 
and rewards can be applied.”



